[Music]
foreign
so we're going to talk about what a
mediocre marketer looks like and then
also what an excellent one looks like
but more so you should pay attention to
the mediocre one and you just do the
opposite of that what mediocre looks
like is people using chat gbt and Bard
to give you basic answers instead of
something that's customized to a
business and even if chat GPT and Bard
can give you customized answers which in
many cases they can for most marketing
things the advice is really generic and
it's not customized enough that's the
first thing I'm seeing a ton of mediocre
marketers doing these days because I'm
involved in the interviewing process and
I would ask people technical questions
to see how good they are even if they're
a leader and it's funny you can tell a
lot of the answers that people are
giving are from Bard and chat gbt and on
one of the interviews ask a person I'm
like out of curiosity and I won't fault
you for this I'm just curious did you
end up getting this uh piece of feedback
from chat GPT or Bard and they were just
like yes the other example is people who
don't read a lot lot so yes chat GPT
embarred and some of these websites that
or you know media channels like if
you're looking at Instagram or YouTube
and looking at the shorts and the reels
they could give you some ideas and
they're not bad especially in marketing
but the ones who are constantly reading
and analyzing competition are going to
be the ones who are going to be much
more creative because they're going to
have much more data points they're going
to see what other people are doing and
it'll give them much better ideas the
same goes with analytics if you're
working with the marketer who doesn't
log into analytics or if you ask them a
specific question and they don't know
where certain reports are in ga4 uh
you're kind of screwed why because
they're not data oriented and they're
not going to know how to maximize
conversions as well as someone who does
so medium mediocre marketers are focused
on the short term and you the standout
marketers the excellent marketers are
focused on the long term and what I mean
by that is a Neon remote what happens if
a company requires them to hit
short-term objectives because sometimes
they have to for quarterly earnings well
I mean so I'm talking about the general
like back in the day internet marketers
right like affiliate marketers making a
quick Buck now there are there are rules
to the exception right like but I would
say most people are probably working for
the fortune 500s or publicly traded
companies but that is that is a data
point so
yeah and and if you are working for
someone that needs short-term Roi you
know follow the 80 20 rule spend 20 10
30 of your time somewhere around that
range on short-term marketing tactics
and the rest on long-term marketing
tactics that you can have a balance the
key thing here is that you want to make
sure that ideally in in the vast
majority of cases you are not trying to
make a quick Buck you want to focus on
the long term and long-term means you're
investing into content and not expecting
an Roi for the first two to three years
or so right mediocre marketers rely on
platforms instead of building up your
own audience if you don't build up your
own audience you'll be holding to the
platforms and the platforms change our
algorithm or the way they work you can
be screwed and has happened to so many
businesses so much so that investors
hate businesses that are relying on one
channel
and the other thing we kind of talk
about experimentation but naturally if
you are a marketer that enjoys testing
things and experimenting you're down
with failure you embrace the failure and
you know that's part of the learning
process so look
no marketer is going to be perfect try
to have less mediocre skills and more
amazing skills and another mediocre
skill that I'll end with and then Eric
can end it off if you want but one more
that I'll end off with is mediocre
markers believe they know everything
mediocre marketers believe that if they
did a test and it works it's going to
work for every type of business
you can be proven wrong any time of the
day just because something worked for
really well on one campaign doesn't mean
it's going to work for another campaign
even if it's in the same industry and
trust me I've tried a lot of this stuff
and I've seen it firsthand the other
thing too is if you believe you know
everything someone's going to pass you
by Eric and I've been doing marketing
for I don't know how long you have but
I'm over 20 years now 22 years
specifically or exactly and during the
22 years I don't think I'm the best at
anything I still think I can improve and
continually get better in marketing if
you want to be the best of the best you
have to be proactive you have to take
the initiative you have to learn new
things you have to experiment doesn't
just apply to marketers applies to
business as well so that is it for today
please don't forget to rate review
subscribe if you think this is not a
mediocre podcast if you do still leave a
review anyway and tell us why and then
we'll improve now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoyed the video like it share tell
people about it thank you very much